# Meeting Notes - Austin LangChain Users Group Community Call 09/19/2024

## Overview
* **Date:** September 19, 2024
* **Time:** 2:00 PM - 2:59 PM
* **Location:** Virtual (Zoom)
* **Facilitator:** Colin McNamara

## Attendees
* Colin McNamara
* Karim Lalani
* Ricky Pirruccio
* Robert Kessler
* Ryan Booth
* Rob Whelen
* Jackson

## Agenda
1. Open Government Initiative Readout
    * Forum participation summary
    * AI subforum topics
2. 10/2 Mixer & Showcase Planning
    * Event agenda and logistics
    * AV setup and mic checks
3. Hacky Hour Planning (9/25)
    * Claude-dev experiments
4. Open Forum
    * AI-generated podcast idea
    * GitHub repository organization and naming scheme
    * Panel discussions and engagement ideas

## Discussion Points

### Open Government Initiative Readout
* **Key point**: Colin represented Austin LangChain at the forum, discussing AI accountability and equity.
* **Discussion**: The potential role of AI in improving government efficiency and transparency was discussed.
* **Action items**:
   - Colin to explore more engagement opportunities for the group in AI-related government projects.

### 10/2 Mixer & Showcase Planning
* **Key point**: The event will feature presentations and a panel discussion on AI development.
* **Discussion**: Volunteers for the AI development panel include Karim, Rob, Vaskin, Jackson, and Ryan. AV setup needs to be tested a week before the event.
* **Action items**:
   - Colin to moderate the AI development panel.
   - Jackson and Cameron to finalize their Email RAG presentation.
   - Ricky to run a LangChain 101 session.

### Hacky Hour Planning (9/25)
* **Key point**: Participants will experiment with Claude-dev to create fun small projects.
* **Discussion**: Attendees will bring laptops to work on projects.
* **Action items**:
   - Colin to bring his laptop with Claude-dev for the experiments.

### AI-Generated Podcast Proposal
* **Key point**: Karim proposed turning community call transcripts into short AI-generated podcasts using NotebookLM.
* **Discussion**: The group agreed this could broaden engagement and efficiency. 
* **Action items**:
   - Colin and Karim to work on creating the podcast from meeting transcripts.

### GitHub Repository Naming Scheme
* **Key point**: Current organization may not reflect the content accurately.
* **Discussion**: Suggestions included organizing by date or by topic with tagging for easy reference.
* **Action items**:
   - Explore different naming schemes to improve usability.

### Panel Discussions and Engagement
* **Key point**: Rob suggested an interview-style format for future presentations.
* **Discussion**: This format could enhance engagement and elevate the status of guest speakers.
* **Action items**:
   - Rob to potentially lead interview-style discussions at future events.

## Action Items
* Colin and Karim to turn meeting transcripts into podcasts using NotebookLM.
* Colin to work with Baskin on setting up GitHub pages for the website.
* Jackson and Cameron to prepare Email RAG presentation for the 10/2 showcase.
* Colin to bring Claude-dev to Hacky Hour for small project experimentation.
* Ricky to run a LangChain 101 overview at the 10/2 showcase.
* Rob to potentially prepare questions for interview-style presentations at future showcases.

## Announcements
* 10/2 Mixer & Showcase at a larger venue, featuring panel discussions, presentations, and networking.
* 9/25 Hacky Hour at Skinny's, featuring Claude-dev experimentation.

## Next Meeting
* **Date:** 09-26, 2024
* **Time:** 2:00 PM - 3:00 PM
* **Location:** Virtual
* **Agenda Items to Consider:** 
    * AI development panel discussion
    * Showcase presentations on Email RAG and Perplexity clone