# Meeting Notes - Community Call Notes 11 Jul 2024

## Overview
* **Date:** 11 Jul 2024
* **Time:** 02:00 PM - 03:07 PM
* **Location:** Online
* **Facilitator:** Colin McNamara

## Attendees
* Colin McNamara
* Karim
* Robert
* Jackson
* Vaskin
* Scott
* Ricky


## Agenda
1. Meeting Introduction and Technical Issues
   * Addressing lost screens and audio problems
   * Allowing time for latecomers
2. Feedback and Insights from Previous Event
   * Positive feedback from Karim and Robert
   * Discussion on Jackson's presentation and potential improvements
3. Video Production and Content Organization
   * Jackson's willingness to assist with video editing
   * Colin's plans for AI mode organization on GitHub
4. Audience Engagement and Technical Enhancements
   * Feedback on curating questions from the online audience
   * Discussion on technical improvements
5. Future Session Planning and Collaboration
   * Interest in hosting sessions focused on Lang Graphs
   * Collaboration opportunities
6. Fostering a Collaborative Learning Environment
   * Emphasis on learning and experimentation over production readiness
7. Logistics and Planning for Upcoming Events
   * Review of attendance numbers and venue options
   * Format and planning for the August 7th meeting
8. Exploring New Technologies and Platforms
   * Discussion on Streamline and NVIDIA platform credits
9. Knowledge Sharing and Practical Applications
   * Demonstrating transformation of chat algorithms
   * Various presentation formats for sharing knowledge
10. Follow-up Actions and Collaborations
    * Office hours and file uploads to Discord

## Discussion Points


### Feedback and Insights from Previous Event
* Karim shared positive feedback from last night's event, noting that there were engaging conversations and new faces present. He mentioned specific individuals who showed interest in LangChain technology, indicating potential growth in the community.
* Robert highlighted that new participants brought valuable expertise to the group, including professionals with experience in robotics at Tesla and consulting around LangChain technology. The group expressed enthusiasm about these additions to their community.
* The team provided constructive feedback to Jackson regarding his presentation, acknowledging his ability to engage participants through live coding exercises while offering suggestions for improvement. They also discussed potential collaboration opportunities related to video editing tasks.

### Video Production and Content Organization
* Jackson expressed willingness to assist with video editing tasks following a call-to-action during the meeting. Colin mentioned plans for creating an AI mode organization on GitHub where members can collaborate on video production projects using DScript AI technology.
* Colin suggested using a tool for auto cuts and arranging content in a Google Drive folder to facilitate collaboration. He invited others to contribute by cutting out specific talks and uploading them, with the intention of creating easily shareable content. Jackson agreed, proposing to start by chopping up the content, posting it, and then refining it further.
* Colin discussed plans for video production, including processing videos in a Google Drive folder for release on YouTube. He also mentioned exploring automation options for social media posts through a social champ account.

### Audience Engagement and Technical Enhancements
* Robert praised the curation of questions from the online audience during previous sessions as an effective way of engaging participants. Colin acknowledged this feedback and highlighted that there were moments where he felt challenged but ultimately managed to balance everything well.
* The team discussed technical improvements such as utilizing HDMI switchers for capturing screens during presentations and ensuring that online participants have a seamless viewing experience.

### Future Session Planning and Collaboration
* Karim expressed interest in hosting sessions focused on Lang Graphs due to growing excitement among first-time attendees. This led to discussions about potential collaborations between presenters like Rob Wheeler regarding beginner-friendly Lang Graph tutorials.
* Vaskin shared his interest in multi-agent systems research while discussing its potential alongside Lang Graph development efforts within their working group.
* Karim discussed the concept of using runnables within a LAN environment, including agents and tools. He suggested incorporating this use case into the Lang Graph lab at an entry level to cover it comprehensively.

### Fostering a Collaborative Learning Environment
* Colin expressed enthusiasm for divorcing from production requirements to share knowledge openly and explore bleeding-edge concepts without the pressure of immediate commercial viability. He highlighted the importance of fostering a community where learning and experimentation take precedence over strict production readiness.
* Karim proposed that presenting innovative ideas in a lab setting could inspire others to bridge the gap between experimental concepts and practical deployment, potentially leading to further innovation within neural network-based applications.
* Vaskin reminisced about early internet experiences, drawing parallels between current bleeding-edge exploration and his past encounters with emerging technologies like HTML and web servers. This nostalgia fueled his passion for exploring new frontiers in technology.
* Vaskin commended Colin's emphasis on collaborative learning rather than individual agendas as an effective icebreaker during sessions, creating an inclusive environment conducive to learning without commercial pressures or fixed outcomes.

### Logistics and Planning for Upcoming Events
* The team reviewed attendance numbers from their recent session, noting 21 in-person attendees alongside 30 online participants due to last-minute schedule changes. They also discussed potential venue options for future meetings based on attendee comfort and logistics considerations.
* Colin discussed the format for the upcoming August 7th meeting, proposing a one-on-one session at the beginning of that day. Ricky confirmed his availability for this. Colin also mentioned posting placeholders early and adjusting for space constraints, expressing excitement about the event. Jackson indicated he would message directly to clarify expectations.
* The team discussed organizing a three-quarter day learning event in fall, aiming to accommodate up to 300 people in a large space. They considered incorporating showcases and updating low-level content while emphasizing impactful lessons and workbooks from recent months.

### Exploring New Technologies and Platforms
* Scott proposed setting up something new with Streamline in real-time during an upcoming one-on-one session, integrating it with labs that have streamline capabilities. He suggested exploring setting something up on Streamlet's web interface as well.
* Karim suggested engaging with NVIDIA to obtain credits for their platform, considering its potential role in enterprise settings. Colin agreed and expressed willingness to reach out regarding access by then.
* The team discussed including guardrails work focusing on safety and compliance knowledge alongside inference topics within the learning event agenda.

### Knowledge Sharing and Practical Applications
* Vaskin suggested demonstrating the process of transforming a chat algorithm from a research paper to a functional code, emphasizing the importance of showcasing this transition. Colin supported this idea and highlighted the significance of knowledge automation and skill development in deploying AI-based applications. Karim proposed non-technical coaching sessions to guide individuals on incorporating agentic applications into their workflows, which received positive feedback from Colin and Jackson.
* The team discussed various presentation formats for sharing knowledge, including short sessions focusing on prompt engineering and real-life examples. Vaskin shared his experience with prompt engineering at previous companies, highlighting its effectiveness in generating visual representations based on textual descriptions. Colin emphasized the need for self-referential lab talks to engage participants effectively.
* Karim suggested organizing industry panels or showcases featuring real-world applications of AI technologies such as e-commerce or financial services. This idea was well-received by Colin, who expressed interest in hosting panel discussions as part of the event agenda.

### Follow-up Actions and Collaborations
* The meeting concluded with plans for future activities such as office hours on Tuesday and file uploads to Discord. Robert expressed interest in discussing Lang Graph with Karim while also offering insights into authorization processes involving Cognito technology alongside Jackson's expertise.

## Action Items
* Colin to create an AIMUG mode organization on GitHub and move repositories there to enable collaboration. - Colin
* Jackson to assist with video editing and processing the recordings from the previous meetup. - Jackson
* Colin to provide Jackson access to the Google Drive folder containing the recorded sessions. - Colin (done)
* Colin to reach out to Harrison and the LangChain team to explore the possibility of obtaining complimentary access to LangChain Cloud for the upcoming learning event. - Colin
* Colin to engage with NVIDIA to explore the possibility of obtaining free credits for their platform to be utilized during the learning event. - Colin
* Karim and Rob Wheeler to collaborate on creating a LangGraph lab for the August meetup. - Karim
* Vaskin to prepare a showcase on either the VO code voice framework or an OS-like interface for the August meetup. - Vaskin
* Rob Wheeler to prepare a showcase on using whisper-to-text LangChain agents to handle sales objections for the August meetup. - Rob Wheeler
* Colin to open the meetup registration early and post placeholders for the August meetup talks. - Colin

## Announcements
* Office hours on Tuesday
* File uploads to Discord

## Next Meeting
* **Date:** 18 Aug 2024
* **Time:** 02:00 PM - 03:30 PM
* **Location:** Online
* **Agenda Items to Consider:** 
    * One-on-one session at the beginning of the day
    * Placeholder posts for upcoming talks
    * Planning for the three-quarter day learning event in fall