Here are the meeting notes based on your provided template and notes:

# Meeting Notes Template - AIMUG Community Call 05 September 2024

## Overview
* **Date:** 05 September 2024
* **Time:** 01:59 PM - 02:49 PM
* **Location:** [https://meet.aimug.org/session/f840aa72-966f-430f-8c5d-eedf6671b16c](https://meet.aimug.org/session/f840aa72-966f-430f-8c5d-eedf6671b16c "https://meet.aimug.org/session/f840aa72-966f-430f-8c5d-eedf6671b16c")
* **Facilitator:** Colin McNamara

## Attendees
* Colin McNamara
* Karim Lalani
* Vaskin
* Rob Wheelen
* Cameron
* Jackson
* Saurabh
* Chandu

## Agenda
1. 05/11 Event - Showcase Check-ins & Planning
    * Housekeeping and logistics
    * Showcase lineup
    * AV setup for hybrid presentation
2. Conference Submissions
    * Upcoming Austin and November conferences
    * Showcasing code-based context projects
3. Open Forum
    * Project conversation history management
    * Recommendations for AI development tools

## Discussion Points

### 05/11 Event Planning
* **Overview:** The next in-person event will be at the ACC Rio Grande campus.
* **Discussion:** Venue setup, AV check on Friday, and a showcase lineup with multiple presenters. Colin will handle drinks (non-alcoholic) due to campus restrictions.
* **Action items:** AV setup confirmation on Friday, checking in with speakers for last-minute needs.

### Conference Submissions
* **Overview:** Various talks and workshops submitted for conferences.
* **Discussion:** Vaskinâ€™s code-based context project gained traction, visualized with React, and potential collaborations on GitHub.
* **Action items:** Attendees encouraged to support each other's projects via GitHub stars and submissions.

### Open Forum: Conversation History Management
* **Overview:** Chandu inquired about APIs for storing and retrieving conversation history in AI chat projects.
* **Discussion:** Saurabh recommended LangChain's memory library for managing conversation histories with database integration.
* **Action items:** Continue the discussion on Discord to explore further implementation details.

## Action Items
* **Karim:** Prepare a short slide deck about the Cloudflare lab project and include GitHub repo links (due by next Wednesday's event).
* **Jackson & Cameron:** Finalize the email summarization project (due by Sunday).
* **Colin:** Schedule Saurabh's talk no earlier than 8:30 PM Central at the upcoming event and confirm times via Discord.
* **Rob:** Switch transcription tool to OpenAI's Whisper and organize front-end elements for his showcase (due by next Wednesday's event).
* **Vaskin:** Continue visualizing the code-based context project and experiment with PRs to Karim's project (ongoing).

## Announcements

* The next in-person event will include a mixer, but alcohol is prohibited due to the venue.

## Next Meeting
* **Date:** 11 September 2024
* **Time:** 7:00 PM - 9:00 PM
* **Location:** ACC Rio Grande campus
* **Agenda Items to Consider:**
    * Showcase presentations
    * Conference submission updates