Sure, I'll create the meeting notes based on your template and the notes you provided.

---

# Meeting Notes Template - Austin LangChain Users Group Community Call 06 Jun 2024

## Overview
* **Date:** 06 Jun 2024
* **Time:** 02:00 PM - 03:49 PM
* **Location:** Online
* **Facilitator:** Colin McNamara

## Attendees
* Colin McNamara
* Jackson
* Karim Lalani
* Rob
* Scott Askinosie
* Ricky Pirruccio

## Agenda
1. Project Updates and Progress
    * Jackson's project integration with LangServe
    * Colin's update on Charles C's video production efforts
4. Event Planning and Scheduling
    * Tentative plans for July 10th
    * Scheduling of hacky hour events
5. Video Production and Social Media
    * Updates on YouTube shorts and Social Champ
6. NVIDIA Contest and Submissions
    * Colin's goals and Karim's tool-calling functionality
7. Learning Goals and Knowledge Sharing
    * Colin's learning goals and sharing knowledge
8. Application Infrastructure and Composability
    * Simplifying infrastructure and using LangGraphCI
9. Multi-Modal Capabilities Integration
    * Karim's integration of multi-modal capabilities

## Discussion Points

### Project Updates and Progress
* **Jackson**: Working on integrating LangServe into his application. Encountered issues with authentication using NextAuth.js.
* **Colin**: Updated everyone on Charles C's progress with video production, including creating an intro song and title slide.

### Event Planning and Scheduling
* Tentative plans for July 10th include quick start mixer sessions and Bryce's presentation.
* Discussion about scheduling hacky hour events. Decided to move the next hacky hour to June 19th.

### Video Production and Social Media
* Charles C has created a YouTube short from Ricky's presentation. Discussion on using Social Champ for queuing content.

### NVIDIA Contest and Submissions
* **Colin**: Aims to run LangChain multi-agent graph on a 4090 system with guardrails for the NVIDIA contest.
* **Karim**: Testing tool-calling functionality with NVIDIA LangChain module.

### Learning Goals and Knowledge Sharing
* **Colin**: Emphasized addressing knowledge gaps and sharing insights openly.

### Application Infrastructure and Composability
* Discussion on simplifying application infrastructure using LangGraphCI.

### Multi-Modal Capabilities Integration
* **Karim**: Working on integrating multi-modal capabilities into the project using NVIDIA's tools.

## Action Items
* **Jackson**: Integrate LangChain into the existing application, focusing on the backend using LangServe, and create a video demonstration for the NVIDIA contest submission.
* **Jackson**: Post updates, code snippets, and progress on the Discord channel.
* **Colin**: Update the Hacky Hour meetup details to reflect the new date of June 19th at Lester Parole at 6 PM.
* **Karim**: Test the tool-calling functionality with the NVIDIA LangChain module and integrate it into the project if successful.
* **Karim**: Explore using generated images for the demo if the multimodal functionality works as expected.
* **Everyone**: Explore LangGraphCI, the recently released tool for hosting LangChain graphs behind an API.
* **Everyone**: Continue learning and exploring LangChain, sharing knowledge and seeking feedback from the group.

## Announcements
* The next Hacky Hour event is rescheduled to June 19th.

## Next Meeting
* **Date:** October 19th, 2024
* **Time:** 6:00 PM PST
* **Location:** Online
* **Agenda Items to Consider:** 
    * Updates on LangChain projects
    * Progress on NVIDIA contest submissions

---

I hope these meeting notes meet your expectations! Let me know if there's anything else you'd like to add or adjust.