
# Community Call - Virtual 1-18-2024

## Overview

* **Date:** 1/18/2024
* **Time:** 2:00PM - 2:30PM
* **Location:**  https://app.sessions.us/memory/session/34497cf7-5ce0-4914-b4d2-4e64549b7f90
* **Facilitator:** Colin McNamara

## Attendees
* Colin McNamara
* Ricky Pirruccio
* Tate Carrol
* Charles Martin

## Agenda
1. 2024 In person format discussion
2. Upcoming Virtual Session – Turbocharge your RA
3. In-Person Session – LangGraph lab? RAGAS Lab?
4. Spring Hack Party Planning

## Discussion Points

### 2024 In person format discussion
* Collaboration: I want to use digital whiteboards for capturing discussion items (Canva or session boards if the update for Android works).
* Need time during the day to play with integrations onsite.
* leading with in-person first plus platform access so that chats and questions can be better orchestrated during in-person events. I see this as a dry run for larger Learn & Hacks
* Net Net: I'm excited to see the collaboration. I think we can increase the engagement and contributions from other Users Group members through the use of existing technology.

### Upcoming Virtual Session – Turbocharge your RAG
* Start with RAG group connecting Google Drive in Colab (jupyter) notebook
* Build to RAG group connecting Google drive to LangServe template
* Bonus - Connect local RAG to Ollama - I vote We should sub that with our text image description demo. Check whether it flows better
* Action - Check-in with Scott re: Document generation showcase - @colinmcnamara

### In-Person Session – LangGraph lab? RAGAS Lab?

* LangGraph is new and evolving; it would be interesting to get an example of multi-agent communications with tool restriction and governance in the community.
* RAGAS Lab would bring quality metrics to our retrievals and RAG Groups
* A bonus would be pushing these metrics up to a dashboard like Prometheus / Grafana. 
* Action - Lab up RAGAS w/ Promethuse @tatecarrol @rickypirruccio
* Action - Lab up LangGraph 

## Summary
### Technical Issues with Meeting Links
Colin mentioned that the link in the calendar invite didn't work, but the link in another source did. He updated the link and acknowledged the issue to ensure it doesn't recur.

### Discussion on In-Person Format
The team discussed feedback on a recent in-person event, including aspects like session setup issues and streaming options. They explored ideas for increasing interactivity during sessions using digital whiteboards and projectors for better engagement.

### Planning for Virtual Session
The group deliberated on structuring an upcoming virtual session, considering topics such as document generation, Turbocharger rag iteration, Lang Graft demo, and capturing metrics using Prometheus and Grafana. They aimed to cater to various technical levels while ensuring business-oriented content is included.

### Leveraging RAG Document Generation
Ricky suggested focusing more on specific details like embeddings rather than general concepts of RAG due to audience interest. Colin emphasized bridging different technical levels by incorporating business-oriented content into future sessions while exploring new tools like Lang Graft.

### Metrics Capture Using Prometheus & Grafana
Colin explained how quality metrics from augmented retrievals can be captured using Prometheus for monitoring data storage and visualized through Grafana dashboards. This approach was seen as beneficial for impressing stakeholders across different business areas with accurate responses over time.

### Interest in Learning New Technologies
Ricky expressed interest in learning about metrics for server performance, particularly mentioning his experience with New Relic and expressing curiosity about Prometheus. Colin also showed eagerness to explore augmented generation and its impact on managing reliability and communicating estimated costs back to the business.

### Collaboration and Volunteerism
The conversation touched upon collaboration opportunities, with Ricky volunteering Colin for a task related to exploring new technologies. Both individuals expressed willingness to contribute in various capacities, including reviewing code, testing, researching, or writing code.

### Business Value of Metrics Reporting
The importance of metrics reporting from a business perspective was highlighted by Colin. He emphasized the significance of tying metrics into feedback loops that can enhance operational processes within software companies operating on SAAS-based models.

### Spring Learning Hack Planning
Discussion revolved around planning a spring learning hack event involving robotics and AI integration. Tate offered assistance through connections with the Nvidia startup program while discussing potential collaborations for integrating AI agents into virtual or real-life platforms.

### Venue Selection for Events
Charles raised questions regarding venue options for upcoming events. Colin discussed potential venues offering virtual rooms that could accommodate digital-first participation alongside physical spaces suitable for after-parties and larger gatherings.

### Personal GPU Hosting
Tate shared his experience of setting up a WiFi bridge with a mentor, Rick, and discussed the benefits of replicating labs through containerizing applications. He mentioned specing out an A6 bay QNAP with redundant flashcards for external storage and highlighted the appeal of running local inference and exporting it. The conversation also delved into the cost implications of using cloud GPU hosting services like Paperspace compared to Nvidia's startup program.

### Cloud GPU Hosting
Colin introduced Paperspace as a user-friendly cloud GPU hosting service that offers various graphics cards for deployment within minutes. He explained its flexibility for personal projects in contrast to using DGX systems at work, highlighting its integration with Digital Ocean and free tier option.

### Community Education
The team discussed leveraging their knowledge on hosted GPUs by organizing events or demos to educate others in the community about tools used and showcasing their skills while receiving feedback from different skill levels. They also considered posting screenshots or gists during these educational sessions.

### Team Collaboration
Ricky expressed interest in connecting further within the team, suggesting making noise about their thoughts collectively as well as individually to demonstrate skills while helping others progress. Additionally, he mentioned enjoying vegan recipes prepared by Abby before bidding farewell at the end of the meeting.




## Next Meeting
* **Date:** 01/25/2024
* **Time:** 2:00PM - 2:30PM
* **Location:** https://app.sessions.us/session/34497cf7-5ce0-4914-b4d2-4e64549b7f90
* **Agenda Items to Consider:** 
  * Check in on RAGAS Lab
  * Check in on LangGraph Lab
  * Check in with Scott re: Document generation showcase