# Meeting Notes Template - Community Call 25 Jul 2024

## Overview
* **Date:** 25 Jul 2024
* **Time:** 2:00 PM - 3:21 PM
* **Location:** Discord
* **Facilitator:** Colin McNamara

## Attendees
* Colin McNamara
* Karim Lalani
* Ricky Pirruccio
* Jackson
* Rob
* Cameron

## Agenda
1. SurrealDB Stream Feedback
    * Review of the recent stream
    * Community insights and feedback
2. Hacky Hour Review
    * Discussions and feedback
    * Participation and new members
3. August 7th Showcases and Mixer Planning
    * Venue discussions
    * Planning for the event
4. Open Forum
    * General discussion and ideas
    * Community engagement and future plans
5. Action Items and Next Steps

## Discussion Points

### SurrealDB Stream Feedback
* **Key point or update:** Reviewed feedback from the recent SurrealDB stream.
* **Discussion or decision made:** Positive feedback highlighted, Karim's detailed explanations praised.
* **Action items or follow-ups:** Continue to engage with streams and gather feedback.

### Hacky Hour Review
* **Key point or update:** Two fantastic discussions, good participation.
* **Discussion or decision made:** Welcomed new member Cameron, highlighted importance of diverse perspectives.
* **Action items or follow-ups:** Consider using microphones for better note-taking.

### August 7th Showcases and Mixer Planning
* **Key point or update:** Discussed securing a venue at DTAC.
* **Discussion or decision made:** Decided to move forward with planning at DTAC, create event links.
* **Action items or follow-ups:** Colin to set up a sessions link and meetup interface.

### Open Forum
* **Key point or update:** Cameron's positive experience finding us through LangChain’s LinkedIn post.
* **Discussion or decision made:** Emphasized avoiding political topics, growing the core group.
* **Action items or follow-ups:** Create a sub-forum on Discord called 'Showcases' for proposing and signing up for showcases.

## Action Items
* **Set up sessions link and meetup interface for August 7th event** - Assigned to Colin McNamara
* **Create 'Showcases' sub-forum on Discord** - Assigned to Colin McNamara
* **Explore 'Birds of a Feather' discussions for August event** - Assigned to Colin McNamara
* **Pass along email addresses for SurrealDB closed beta to Karim** - Assigned to Colin McNamara
* **Potential demo on using OpenDev for AI-assisted software development** - Assigned to Ricky Pirruccio
* **Continue editing and preparing video content from previous sessions** - Assigned to Jackson
* **Create Google form for demo and showcase proposals** - Assigned to Colin McNamara
* **Investigate DETC venue availability for August 7th event** - Assigned to Colin McNamara

## Announcements
* Cameron found us through LangChain’s LinkedIn post.
* Growing the core group to ensure sustainability.

## Next Meeting
* **Date:** [Next meeting date]
* **Time:** [Start Time] - [End Time]
* **Location:** Discord
* **Agenda Items to Consider:**
    * Review of August 7th Showcases and Mixer
    * Feedback from new members
    * Future planning and community engagement strategies