

# Meeting Notes - Austin LangChain Users Group Community Call - August 22, 2024

## Overview
* **Date:** August 22, 2024
* **Time:** 2:00 PM - 3:05 PM
* **Location:** Discord
* **Facilitator:** Colin McNamara

## Attendees
* Colin McNamara
* Karim Lalani
* Scott Askinosie
* Rob Kessler
* Ryan Booth
* Saurabh

## Agenda
1. 9/11 Showcase Planning
   * Signage
   * Mixer setup
   * Name tags and lanyards
   * Badge/label printer
   * QR codes for member profiles
2. November AI Conference Talk Submissions
   * Group workshop proposal
   * Individual talk submissions
   * Conference logistics
3. 8/22 Hacky Hour Review
   * Venue feedback
   * Future venue considerations
4. Open Forum
   * Remote presentation setups
   * Showcase on 9/11
   * WebSocket integration with LangChain

## Discussion Points

### 9/11 Showcase Planning
* **Signage and Mixer Setup:**
   - The showcase will be held at Austin Community College (ACC) with a 50-person classroom available and AV support provided by ACC.
   - There will be a mixer in a kitchen area outside the classroom.
   - Concerns about alcohol at the event were raised due to the presence of college-age students. The group decided to avoid serving alcohol.
   - Signage will be important to guide attendees to the event location.

* **Name Tags and Lanyards:**
   - Discussed the use of name tags and potentially lanyards with Austin LangChain branding.
   - Action to post on Discord asking if anyone has access to a badge/label printer.

* **QR Codes for Member Profiles:**
   - Idea to include QR codes on name tags linking to members' social profiles or AIMUG profiles.
   - Potential for integrating digital badges as a form of recognition.

### November AI Conference Talk Submissions
* **Group Workshop Proposal:**
   - A 90-minute workshop was proposed, focusing on LangChain labs that can be presented at the conference.
   - The group agreed that this format aligns well with their goal of learning together and engaging with the conference attendees.

* **Individual Talk Submissions:**
   - Scott proposed a talk on using LLMs to analyze qualitative data.
   - There was support for individual talks, with the group emphasizing the importance of showcasing their dynamic and collective expertise.

* **Conference Logistics:**
   - The conference will be held at the Renaissance Austin Hotel, expected to attract 300-500 attendees.
   - Action to create a one-pager highlighting Austin LangChain’s achievements to support their submissions.

### 8/22 Hacky Hour Review
* **Venue Feedback:**
   - The event at Skinny’s had about eight attendees; the food truck was not available, which was noted as a downside.
   - The group is considering whether to continue using the same venue or explore other options.

* **Future Venue Considerations:**
   - The idea of alternating between different venues versus establishing a regular spot was discussed.
   - The group decided to give Skinny’s two more tries before making a final decision.

### Open Forum
* **Remote Presentation Setups:**
   - Discussed the complexities of setting up remote presentations for future events, particularly with regard to capturing, producing, and distributing content.
   - Action to prepare for a dry run of the remote presentation setup at ACC.

* **Showcase on 9/11:**
   - Saurabh will present his perplexity clone project, either remotely or through a proxy, depending on the time zone challenges.

* **WebSocket Integration with LangChain:**
   - The group discussed the possibility of using WebSockets with LangChain, suggesting that Saurabh post this query on Discord for broader feedback.

## Action Items
* Colin to post on Discord asking if anyone has access to a badge/label printer for name tags.
* Colin to get quotes for badge/label printers.
* Colin to create a one-page document highlighting Austin LangChain's achievements and importance.
* Colin to work with Brian to figure out how to bring in remote presenters and capture/produce their presentations.
* Karim to review YouTube video editing settings and provide feedback on adjusting silence removal to improve flow.
* Colin to explore dScript software for creating 28-58 second clips from full recordings.
* Saurabh to present his perplexity clone project during the next office hours on Tuesday.
* Colin to add Saurabh's perplexity clone presentation to the office hours agenda.
* Colin to prepare for a dry run of remote presentation setup with ACC's AV equipment.
* Colin to update the community on Discord about the November AI conference workshop submission.
* Team to prepare a 90-minute workshop submission for the November AI conference.
* Colin to coordinate with ACC about AV support for future events.
* Team to consider turning Saurabh's perplexity clone into a lab for future showcases.
* Team to explore options for creating Austin LangChain t-shirts for the November conference.

## Announcements
* None noted.

## Next Meeting
* **Date:** August 29, 2024
* **Time:** 2:00 PM - 3:00 PM
* **Location:** Discord
* **Agenda Items to Consider:** 
   * Review of 9/11 showcase final preparations
   * Updates on November AI conference submissions
   * Feedback on remote presentation setup dry run

